the controversy of the moment is that a
fool here on YouTube was foolish enough
to put on a t-shirt with a Nazi swastika
he actually tried to sell t-shirts with
a Nazi swastika uh made a series of
anti-semitic Holocaust denial and Pro
Adolf Hitler statements now it is
hilarious to me every time I paint a few
of this kind that some people want to
criticize my channel for daring to
describe someone as a neo-nazi who makes
statements in support of Adolf Hitler it
is not a debate we're gonna have people
okay if you go to the search bar on this
channel and you search with the word
Nazi you search the word racism you're
gonna find some interesting earlier
videos I made on those topics by the way
shadow - vegan cheetah vegan cheetah
recognised that I don't know many many
months ago was already tackling these
issues when nobody else was and it's
very rare here in the vegan YouTube
demi-monde for there to be any kind of
positive reinforcement for positive
content like that almost nobody
recognizes hey somebody already made a
quality video addressing this topic in
the past you can check it out we more
that behavior from everyone across the
board and credit where it's due even
when I see that behavior coming from
someone like vegan cheetah so thanks to
him for that you know the I think the
first video I made under that heading
though doesn't have not see in the title
was actually a response to a channel
called a privileged vegan still an
interesting video still worth seeing
I'll give the link below here but you
know I criticized also left-wing social
justice warriors like a privileged vegan
because I saw them making allegations of
racism allegations of likes white
supremacism against people where it had
no substance making an allegation
against a natural vegan herself making
an allegation against bite size Emily
making allegations of this kind where
there was no meaningful racism white
supremacism while at the same time they
were ignoring important examples of
vegans who were neo-nazis by this
definition people who were making videos
saying supportive things about Adolf
Hitler so those issues have
been discussed on this channel before um
I like to address these problems in a
way that will make this video right now
still meaningful and interesting to
watch if I come back and see it five
years from now or ten years from now
when the controversy of the day is
forgotten I've suggested you guys that
we should all look in the mirror before
you type a comment on the net before you
make a statement verbally in writing
whatever it might be would you say it in
a cafe if you would not say this in a
cafe why are you saying it on the
Internet
now this is getting trickier and
trickier in 2017 I think most people are
no longer familiar with what it's like
to talk about politics in a cafe they're
only accustomed to talking about
politics on the Internet
this has a corrosive effect this fool in
the Nazi t-shirt he said openly at one
point his video that he would not feel
comfortable wearing the t-shirt he made
and teacher D was trying to sell he
would not feel comfortable wearing in a
cafe he wouldn't feel comfortable
wearing it in public and he talked about
the difficulties he would get into in
having conversations with strangers if
he did so so you know that's a clue even
for someone this foolish on some level
he is aware that what he's doing here on
the Internet is unacceptable and that he
himself he doesn't expect it to be
acceptable in public and the Internet is
public it's actually much more public
than a conversation of a cafe that may
be witnessed by three or four people
right but I definitely think our
generation is living through a collapse
of the consciousness of what it means to
be a public intellectual what it means
to be an intellectual engaged in
political and social issues or just just
to be concerned just to be compassionate
just to be awake and alive and engage
with the problems around us in the world
I'm willing to talk about them in an
open-minded and open-hearted
the very simple point I was making in my
earlier video on this of course I mean
it's obvious that from bycula loose side
of it all this behavior is just
motivated by an unending quest for more
viewers more subscribers more Fame more
attention and most of the people playing
this game do not distinguish between
positive attention and negative
attention they're happy with any
attention they can get now this fool in
the Nazi t-shirt how else would he have
gotten on vegan cheetahs channel how
else would he have gotten on a natural
vegans channel how else would he have
gotten the level of attention that he's
gotten now we created an ecosystem here
within the digital vegan demi-monde
where negative behavior to put it that
way
is reward it okay and you can even see
this in my own channel
I'm self-critical about this people I
really am and positive content useful
content content that's substantive is
not rewarded at all you know this is I'm
talking about this because this is
actually something we can change if you
go to my channel and you put in the
search bar not see you'll get to see the
videos that have addressed some other
vegan neo-nazi situations if you search
for racism you get some other if you
isn't it you know what else though you
can put in the word book just the word
book in the search bar and you're gonna
see a bunch of really interesting really
useful book reviews why do I say they're
interesting useful they're interesting
and useful for you if you're already
vegan if you're already part of the
vegan movement or you're a vegan who one
day aspires to be part of a real
movement right because most of us most
of us are here on the internet because
in real life we have our day jobs and
we're not part of a movement
maybe we aspire to be but we're not
write a book review half earth by
Eduardo Wilson book about ecology I give
you a vegan perspective on that rules
for radicals a book about organizing
political dissent and activism my book
of you on that just two weeks ago I
uploaded a book review motivational
methods for vegan advocacy by Casey Taft
okay an important book in the move
I give it a very harsh review but still
entertaining and interesting and
stimulating I think useless watch I had
two videos discussing Zilla plus a
non-vegan political theory of animal
rights an important book in the
literature and I have a video up that's
over an hour long which is myself and
Maude vegan sitting down discussing back
and forth the latest publication by Gary
frenzy ona
so that's a major important and recent
book I think that's 2015 or 2016 - a
recently published book on you know what
the future of vegan activism in have
because he should be okay these videos
I'm putting that content of the internet
and I might as well be flushing it down
the toilet okay it goes up on my channel
and that sits there inert there's no
reaction there's no cycle to write
garbage like this guy is creating has a
huge cycle there are response videos and
reactions and this creates again it
creates attention whether it's positive
attention or negative attention or both
guys we could change this you know other
channels could see my book reviews and
they can criticize me they can disagree
with my book review they can read the
book themselves they can present their
own perspective on it you know again you
can disagree with me you can disagree
with the book or you can agree with me
or agree with the book and that will
create a virtuous cycle of substantive
meaningful content gaining impetus
within the vegan demi-monde and that's
totally lacking and by contrast whether
it's so-called drama should say like
slander or gossip and innuendo does get
recycled instead of a virtuous cycle
it's a vicious cycle right the more you
know extreme and offensive just negative
and and insane the video is the more
likely it is to go through this cycle
and I mean I know someone like a natural
vegan obviously has good intentions in
addressing this but I think she's also
aware she's part of the problem right so
great you're making somebody famous for
being a meal that's it
you know that larger channels are
cycling and recycling garbage of this
kind and they are not ever giving
impetus to giving another life to giving
response even in the form of criticism
positive a substantive content now again
I mean I don't see this as an either/or
okay you can look at a channel I'm not
I'm not hating on her but you know you
can look at a channel that's mostly
fluff like supreme banana so supreme
banana does videos about the food she
ate at McDonalds the food she ate at
Wendy's being a vegan and going to these
fast-food restaurants being a vegan and
trying to cook some kind of crazy
pancake recipe okay whatever I don't
hate it it's fine all you people who
have bigger channels whether you do
pancakes or McDonald whatever you know
what the fact that you make fluff
doesn't mean you only have to make fluff
you can reach out to and recognize
substantive comment content from
somebody like me from somebody like mod
vegan you can just say that you
appreciate it
you can promote it I've been doing that
on my channel from day one there's some
very small channels that found their
whole audience because of me because I
promoted them I recognized their work
they were doing something of substance
you can create a virtuous cycle of
positive content being recycled and
responded to and reacted to and
criticized and debated in a positive
constructive and meaningful way and one
of the reasons why it's so important to
do that is that currently the only
content that gets picked up and recycled
that way is this kind of crazy Nazi
and everyone knows it
so that's why there's this cleavage it's
the simplest moral standard what I say
this in a cafe would I do this in the
cafe would I do this in public
no but the type of conduct the type of
political discourse that is acceptable
in the cafe people know that's not going
to lead to notoriety that's not going to
lead to the much coveted micro Fame that
people are trying to build for
themselves here on YouTube and again we
can change we
and change we can choose to recognize
that something as substantive and worth
discussing and discuss it for that
reason not because it's the most
outrageous thing not because it's the
most offensive thing but because it's
worth discussing either because it's
interesting in itself or because it is
really meaningful for the future at the
moment